First chapter
It's time for the singing competition of Kizuna AI
I’m the hostess, Kizuna AI
Pleased to be with you all today
In this occasion, we've also invited some marvelous judges who will accompany us
Please, introduce yourselves one by one
Well...
[ Black AI ]
...To be honest, I’d like to be sleeping at home
...But I was told they’d give me money
So then, well...
...For the moment, I'll do the attempt
Are you all well?
[ Mama AI ]
I’m Mama AI
I was told that I could hear AI-chan sing a lot of songs so then I'm very excited
In this case everyone, do your best along with me, everyone...
...And judge together... good, let's resume the conversation, next up!
[ Baby AI ]
Eh...
All the big personalities have reunited to participate as judges
In this case, it's finally time for the main batter to appear
Onward!!
♪ I've been searching for you... ♪
(Zen zen zense kara)
[ Zen Zen Zense by Radwimps ]
♪ ...Since our past life ♪
(boku wa kimi wo sagashi hajimeta yo)
♪ I came in pursuit of that clumsy way to laugh ♪
(Sono bukiccho na waraikata wo megakete  yatte kitanda yo)
♪ Even when you disappear and all of you torn into pieces ♪
(Kimi ga zenzen zenbu naku natte chirijiri ni nattatte)
♪ I won't be lost any more and I'll start searching for you from the beginning again ♪
(Mou mayowanai mata ichi kara sagashi hajimeru sa)
♪ While I hum this song, even for a few light years ♪
(Nankounen demo kono uta wo kuchizusami nagara)
♪ With my loud voice, "Pirika Pirirara" ♪
(Ookina koe from "PIRIKA PIRIRARA")
[ Ojamajo Carnival, opening of Ojamajo Doremi ]
*I’ve taken to removing the music for fear of copyright issues with the author*
♪ Let's frolic, let's merry and let’s sing ♪
(Hashaide sawaide utatchae)
♪ Dad, Mom, teacher and snappish old man ♪
(PAPA MAMA sensei gamigami ojisan)
♪ Say "Noisy" just like that volcano erupts violently ♪
("Urusai" nante ne kazan ga dai funka)
Thank you very much to both, both the white team and the red team for singing an anime song
What do you think, Black AI-san?
Eeehh?
You're asking me?
To tell you the truth, I wasn't paying much attention
What's going on with the music??
W-well, regarding that...
...Well... due to copyright, well, a lot of things happened...
Let's go to the next song!!
♪ So, chocolate, chocolate... ♪
(Dakara chokorēto chokorēto)
[ Gimme Chocolate!! By Babymetal ]
♪ I can have a bit of chocolate, can’t I? ♪
(Cho! Cho! Cho! ii desho?)
♪ I think so, don’t you? Just a little bit... I’ll eat just a little bit... ♪
(Da yo ne chotto dake chotto dake tabe chaou)
♪ I gazed at the seagulls that seemed like they would freeze and cried ♪
(kogoesouna kamome mitsume naitemashita)
[ Tsugaru Kaikyo Fuyugeshiki by Sayuri Ishikawa ]
♪ Aaaaahh... ♪
♪ The Tsugaru Strait ♪
(Tsugaru Kaikyo)
♪ Winter scenery ♪
(Fuyugeshiki)
Man, the folkloric intonation is incredible!
Thank you very much everyone for joining us until the end
Lastly, let's sing together to say goodbye!!
♪ We are the world ♪
♪ We are the children ♪
♪ We are the ones who make a brighter day, so let's start giving ♪
*Translated by Vortex*